To create a registry,
you'll need to run the az acr create command with four parameters.
Resource group is the name of the resource group you just
created and where this registry will be placed.
Location is the location you chose for your resource group,
name is the name you want for your registry.
Note that it needs to be globally unique so don't be
surprised if you have to try a few times.
SKU or Sku is tied to the level of features you want for
the registry and the associated cost.
In the exercise files,
I've included a link to documentation that outlines the different options.
For this demo, the basic level is fine.
When you put it all together, it would look something like this.
Note that several commands have a shorthand version of
the flag to save you some typing.
Az acr create -g, name of the resource group,
-l, name of location, -n, name for the registry,
--sku, Basic.
When you run the az acr create command,
you'll see in the output that it succeeded.
Your Azure container registry is now created.
If the name you chose isn't unique, you'll see a message like this.
In order to push an image to the Azure container registry,
it must follow a certain format.
Registry-name is the name of the registry you created
where you want to manage the image.
The host azurecr.io is constant.
Namespace is optional; you can use multiple strings with
slash delimiters to organize your registry,
kind of like a file system.
Image name and tag are whatever you want them to be for your image.
For example, docker build -t demoregistry.azurecr .io /examples/demo: 1.0.
indicating that the Docker file to build is in the current directory.
You can also use the docker tag command on an existing
image following the same format.
For example, docker tag, image id, registry name,
.azurecr .io /, namespace, / image name,
: tag.
Before you run a Docker push for the first time,
you will need to run az acr login --name,
then the name of the registry.
Once you're logged in, you can simply push the image.
For example, docker push, demoregistry.azurecr .io / examples.demo : 1.0.
I'll make sure I'm in the directory with the demo files
and the Docker file to build this app.
I'll run a Docker build, and now I can see the new image with the 1.0 tag.
Let's test it out just to make sure everything looks good.
When I hit the address of this machine,
I see the message and the counter incrementing.
Next, I'll log into my registry.
You can manage your Docker credentials however you need to on your system. Next, I'll push the image up to my Azure container registry.